[Music]
god damn
Walker you better come see this oh fuck
that's putting it lightly body looks
fresh it is even worse he's 33rd who did
this probably the same people been
ghosting us doesn't answer the question
don't worry I think we're about to find
out my name is Captain Martin Walker
we're looking for survivors why so you
can kill us to foster new g my god
minimum rise you speak Farsi maybe we
can understand each other better I got
into team half mizani goodco logo is to
go south sudan bus over there hey Chuck
on that side cut off duty mesh comes to
show sharking and shine
that's good
[Music]
keep moving out the back
where's he hiding
give me the water I'll take him out
we know you order captain logo take him
out yes sir
[Music]
on top of that bus take them down
and for that cargo box
[Music]
thought we were rescuing people the hell
was that I'm picking up a distress call
patch it through now Lugo distance about
a hundred yards away let's move
[Music]